server/README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.


### Making a Progressive Web App - a nice to have we're not doing yet

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)


### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

Commit message:

throw together a web server skeleton

server/README.md, after:

# Getting Started with Cargo
This subproject is made with Cargo, the official tool for building Rust applications.

## Cargo subcommands
In the subproject directory, you can run:

### `cargo run`
Runs the app with the debug profile.

You can pass `--release` to this command to build with optimizations.

### `cargo build`
Builds the app with the debug profile.

You can pass `--release` to this command to build with optimizations.

The binary is placed at `target/<profile>/server`.

### `cargo test`
We don't actually *have* any tests defined in this subproject yet,
but they'd be run with this.

## Deployment
To deploy this project, build it with `cargo build --release`
(or just `cargo build` if you're in a hurry and the service isn't public yet)
and copy the `server` binary over to your server machine,
then run it with the appropriate environment variables.

(I'll be adding a script for doing all those steps at once,
and making us run at server boot, but that's low priority right now.)

## Making an Axum web server
I don't have time to write a tutorial, but you can read this for an introduction to Axum:
<https://docs.rs/axum/latest/axum/index.html>.
