## **Welcome to the 2025 Data & Analytics Choose Your DEI Adventure Program!**

The D&A DEI Steering Committee has a lot planned for DEI in 2025, and we're very excited to bring everyone together with these shared opportunities!

The Choose Your DEI Adventure program is centered around the idea that there is not a single path or set of actions to move us forward in the DEI realm. Everyone has their own special skills and interests that contribute to our overall goals of **Diversity** (different ethnicities, thoughts, experiences, abilities, and backgrounds are represented), **Equity** (everyone has a fair shot at opportunities for growth), **Inclusion** (everyone gets a seat at the table), and **Belonging** (everyone feels safe bringing their “whole self” to work). To that end, we have 8 guilds to give us some direction as we choose our DEI adventures.

<table><tbody><tr><td><h3>Guild</h3></td><td><h3>Guild Leader</h3></td><td><h3>High-Level Quest</h3></td></tr><tr><td>Mentorship</td><td>Adriana Paula Popitiu</td><td>Increase participation in mentorship programs for both mentors and mentees</td></tr><tr><td>Community Sponsorship</td><td>Olu Oyerinde</td><td>Provide quarterly volunteer opportunities for D&amp;A to support local communities</td></tr><tr><td>ERG Partner Conferences</td><td>Jazmin Melchor</td><td>Increase attendance at conferences held by our ERG partner organizations</td></tr><tr><td>External Conference Speakers</td><td>Abby Dryer</td><td>Increase D&amp;A representation as speakers at regional and global organizations</td></tr><tr><td>ERG Committee Participation</td><td>Adriana Paula Popitiu</td><td>Increase D&amp;A representation in ERG committees across Morningstar</td></tr><tr><td>ERG Event Attendance</td><td>Adriana Paula Popitiu</td><td>Increase D&amp;A attendance at local &amp; global ERG events</td></tr><tr><td>Accessibility</td><td>Annie Homsy-Harris</td><td>Improve the accessibility of our tools &amp; documents</td></tr><tr><td>Research/Data Science</td><td>Mike Van Volkenburg</td><td>Provide quantitative/analytical research as it relates to DEI</td></tr><tr><td>DEI Adventures site improvement</td><td>John Narofsky</td><td>Work through the backlog of improvements to the DEI Adventures site</td></tr></tbody></table>

If none of those quests are particularly interesting to you right now, there are a number of ‘solo quests’ you can choose from. To get started, go to the My Adventures tab above and select which actions you're interested in undertaking on your DEI adventure. From there, you'll be able to track which actions you've signed up for, mark them complete, and add notes to remind yourself about how much fun you had. To see what you've accomplished, the My History tab shows all of the actions you've completed so far.

If you have specific questions about the guilds, feel free to reach out to the Guild Leaders.  If you have questions about the DEI Adventures program, reach out to Abby Dryer.

**Happy Adventuring!**